Adding Gambit Communications Inc. MIMIC NETFLOW simulator integration and marketplace (ECOINT-37) (#2523)
DataDog/integrations-extras: gambit/README.md

# Gambit MIMIC Integration

## Overview

> Gambit MIMIC is a dynamic, real-time, high-performance SNMP, Netflow, sFlow Simulator. All Netflow and sFlow exports are recorded by the simulator and replayed with flexible customization toward Datadog agent(s) and presented with all existing available metrics of Datadog, whether built-in or Datadog marketplace integrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Gambit MIMIC][1] is a dynamic, real-time, high-performance SNMP, Netflow, and sFlow simulator. The simulator records all Netflow and sFlow exports, which are replayed with flexible customization toward Datadog agents. The exports are presented alongside all available Datadog metrics, including built-in and Datadog Marketplace integrated.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I've correctly interpreted the meanings of everything here, especially at the start of the last sentence.

## Setup

> ### Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Follow the configuration instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the configuration instructions below:
```

### Configuration

> 1. If you are already using Datadog and have the Datadog Agent installed, configure Gambit MIMIC agent to export Netflow and sFlow toward the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: How does the user "configure Gambit MIMIC agent to export Netflow and sFlow toward the Datadog Agent"?

> ### Validation

Reviewer: This section is empty. It should either have content or be deleted.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> Gambit MIMIC is not limited to a particular set of metrics in Datadog. All existing or future avaiable metrics, if recorded by MIMIC, will be exported to Datadog agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All existing and future metrics recorded by Gambit MIMIC are exported to the Datadog agent.
```

### Events

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Gambit MIMIC support][1].

Reviewer: I assume this link should point to support@gambitcomm.com, not the overview website. Please adjust.

> ## Further Reading
> 
> - [Gambit MIMIC Simulator][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
